[docs] Agent Process Supervisor Mode (#21056)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/agent-and-proxy/agent/exec.mdx

---
layout: docs

> page_title: Vault Agent Exec

Reviewer: ```suggestion
page_title: Vault Agent's Process Supervisor Mode
```

I think this would be more descriptive and less confusing (since exec is available as a stanza inside a template today)

Reviewer: I'd also rename the page to `process-supervisor-mode.mdx`

description: >-
  Vault Agent's Exec functionality allows Vault secrets to be injected into a
  process via environment variables using Consul Template markup.
---

# Vault Agent Exec

Vault Agent's Exec functionality allows Vault secrets to be injected into a
process via environment variables using [Consul Template markup][consul-templating-language].

<Tip title="Kubernetes">
  If you are running your applications in a Kubernetes cluster, we recommend evaluating the

>   [Vault Secrets Operator](/vault/docs/platform/k8s/vso)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [Vault Secrets Operator](/vault/docs/platform/k8s/vso) instead.
```

</Tip>

<Warning>
  Vault Agent Exec is in public beta. <br />

>   Please provide your feedback by opening a GitHub issue [here](https://github.com/hashicorp/vault/issues)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Please provide your feedback by opening a GitHub issue [here](https://github.com/hashicorp/vault/issues).
```

</Warning>

> ## Functionality

Reviewer: I think it might be worth giving a bit of a deeper overview of interactions between `exec` and `env_template` stanzas here. It might be worth including an example with a couple env_template + exec entries as well.

The `exec` stanza allows you to configure a child process for Vault Agent to run. Secrets are injected into the process
via environment variables configured from `env_template` blocks (see [Template Configurations](template-config) for more info).
When you start Vault Agent with `exec` enabled, it will wait until each environment variable template is rendered at
least once before starting the process.

> Vault Agent will restart the process when an update to a injected secret is detected. The frequency secrets are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `restart_on_secret_changes` is set to `"always"`, Vault Agent will restart the process when an update to an injected secret is detected. The frequency secrets are
```

Author: how about
```suggestion
If `restart_on_secret_changes` is set to `"always"` (default value), Vault Agent will restart the process when an update to an injected secret is detected. The frequency secrets are
```

checked is controlled by the `static_secret_render_interval` configuration in the `template_config` stanza.

## Configuration

> The top level `exec` block has the following configuration entries:

Reviewer: It might make sense to copy the config parameters specific to `env_template` here or explicitly reference them with a huge link (since people will be looking for them).

- `command` `(string array: required)` - Specify the command for the child process
- `restart_on_secret_changes` `(string: "always")` - Only two accepted options: "always" and "never". Controls child
  process behavior when a secret update is detected.

> - `restart_stop_signal` `(string: "SIGTERM")` - Signal to send the child process when a secret has been updated and the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `restart_stop_signal` `(string: "SIGTERM")` - Signal to send the child process when a static secret has been updated or a dynamic secret is close to its expiration
```

Author: are you aware of a link to consul-template that explains that behavior? 

cc @VioletHynes

Author: ah! think i found something https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/docs/agent/template#non-renewable-leased-secrets
